hello to all of you I am
christophe bartender and today i 'm going
you realize the cocktail manhattan
it is a cocktail that is realized in a
martini glass whiskey lovers this
cocktail is made for you cocktail
quite spicy quite spicy with a
small sugar tip and aromas of
cherry is something that should
please you
it is realized in a glass a mixture
and consists of twenty eight italians
two rails busquets which is a whiskey
which is mostly composed with
Rye of the killer anguish to bitter
which is therefore a maceration of plants
bitter aromas in amber rum and
which comes to us from the Trinidad and
tobago and decorated with cherries to
the brandy first of all very important
the manhattan cocktail must be served
extremely fresh to start
refresh your glass with the help of
ice cubes or ice looted if you in
have the availability take your drink
to mix the glass technique to
mix is a little bit special I
let me explain how this
works first do not start
refresh your glass by filling it
cheerfully ice cube for power
think about it more
take your leather a mixture taking
always your glass by the base in order to
do not warm it up with your fingers and
turn the ice cubes
this little trick this technique
professional will allow you to
refresh your container in order to
propose to your customer the most
possible fees do not hesitate to do it
up to a few seconds your glass
is enough brothers from the moment
where you see a little condensation
which will be delimited in relation to the level
ice like these one can
distinctly see the condensation on
the glass continue take your
colander stand there on your glass
to mix and you're just going
drain the excess water which is the
result precisely from the fact that you
have it refresh your killer anguish
bitter a few drops your rail
busquets 5 centiliters
your red vermouth 3 centiliters
you can also add a small
little more ice actually does it
to have a cool your glass
previously melt it slightly
then take your leather a mix there
it's the right that the bottom of your
glass stirring slightly to be able to
mix the different densities of
products between whiskey and vermouth
then in the same way and the same
technique to be able to think green
rotate all the other ice cubes
very important always hold your
mixing glass by the base it will avoid
to simply warm your
containing with your fingers
once the cocktail is refreshed
can remove your spoon
empty your ice cream that served you
refresh your glass you can
actually see a beautiful
condensation on the green which means
that your wine is extremely fresh
enter your passport again and
pour your cocktail at the inter of your
to martigny
to finish
take your cherries to the brandy that
you can use with on a pic in
wood or prick prism like
these have deposited simply
inside your glass here is the
manhattan